

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
☒
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
☐
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AETNA BETTER HEALTH® 
Coverage Policy/Guideline 
Name: 
Tremfya 
Page: 
1 of 7 
Effective Date: 
5/1/2025 
Last Review Date: 
4/2025 
Applies 
to: 
Illinois 
New Jersey 
Pennsylvania Kids 
Florida 
Maryland 
Virginia 
Florida Kids 
Michigan 
Kentucky PRMD 
Intent: 
The intent of this policy/guideline is to provide information to the prescribing practitioner 
outlining the coverage criteria for Tremfya under the patient’s prescription drug benefit. 
Description: 
FDA-Approved Indications 
•  Treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (PsO) who are 
candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy 
•  Treatment of adult patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA) 
•  Treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC) in adults 
•  Treatment of moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease (CD) in adults 
All other indications are considered experimental/investigational and not medically 
necessary. 
Applicable Drug List: 
Tremfya 
Policy/Guideline: 
Documentation for all indications: 
The patient is unable to take THREE preferred products, where indicated, for the 
given diagnosis due to a trial and inadequate treatment response or intolerance, or a 
contraindication. Documentation is required for approval. 
Documentation 
Submission of the following information is necessary to initiate the prior authorization 
review: 
Plaque psoriasis (PsO) 
Initial requests 
•  Chart notes or medical record documentation of affected area(s) and body surface 
area (BSA) affected (if applicable). 
•  Chart notes, medical record documentation, or claims history supporting previous 
medications tried (if applicable), including response to therapy. If therapy is not 
advisable, documentation of clinical reason to avoid therapy. 


===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AETNA BETTER HEALTH® 
Coverage Policy/Guideline 
Name: 
Tremfya 
Page: 
2 of 7 
Effective Date: 
5/1/2025 
Last Review Date: 
4/2025 
Applies 
to: 
☒Illinois 
☐New Jersey 
☐Pennsylvania Kids 
☐Florida 
☐Maryland 
☐Virginia 
☐Florida Kids 
☐Michigan 
☐Kentucky PRMD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Continuation requests 
Chart notes or medical record documentation of decreased body surface area (BSA) 
affected and/or improvement in signs and symptoms. 
Psoriatic arthritis (PsA) 
Initial requests 
Chart notes, medical record documentation, or claims history supporting previous 
medications tried (if applicable), including response to therapy. If therapy is not advisable, 
documentation of clinical reason to avoid therapy. 
Continuation requests 
Chart notes or medical record documentation supporting positive clinical response. 
Ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn’s disease (CD) 
Continuation requests 
Chart notes or medical record documentation supporting positive clinical response to  
therapy or remission.  
Prescriber Specialty:  
This medication must be prescribed by or in consultation with one of the following:  
•  Plaque psoriasis: dermatologist 
•  Psoriatic arthritis: rheumatologist or dermatologist 
•  Ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease: gastroenterologist 
Coverage Criteria 
Plaque psoriasis (PsO)1-6,10 
Authorization of 12 months may be granted for adult members who have previously 
received a biologic or targeted synthetic drug (e.g., Sotyktu, Otezla) indicated for the 
treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. 
Authorization of 12 months may be granted for adult members for treatment of moderate to 
severe plaque psoriasis when any of the following criteria is met: 
•  Crucial body areas (e.g., hands, feet, face, neck, scalp, genitals/groin, intertriginous 
areas) are affected. 
•  At least 10% of body surface area (BSA) is affected. 
•  At least 3% of body surface area (BSA) is affected and the member meets either of 
the following criteria: 
