

===== PAGE 2 =====

POLICY
Prior Authorization is required.
The use of samples by an individual will not be considered current or stable therapy to satisfy Medical
Policy requirements.
Hadlima and Simlandi are the adalimumab formulary options effective 01/01/2025. 
The following medications are not covered on any BCBSMS Formulary:
Abrilada (adalimumab-afzb)
Amjevita (adalimumab-atto)
Avsola (infliximab-axxq)
Bimzelx (bimekizumab-bkzx)
Cyltezo (adalimumab-adbm)
Hulio (adalimumab-fkjp)
Humira (adalimumab)
Hyrimoz (adalimumab-adaz)
Idacio (adalimumab-aacf)
Renflexis (infliximab-abda)
Sotyktu (deucravacitinib)
Vtama (tapinarof)
Yuflyma (adalimumab-aaty)
Yusimry (adalimumab-aqvh)
Initial Criteria
The requested agent may be considered medically necessary when ALL of the following criteria are met:
1. ONE of the following:
a. The individual is 18 years of age or older;
b. The individual is 4 years of age or older and the request is for Enbrel; OR
c. The individual is 6 years of age or older and the request is for Cosentyx, Stelara, or Taltz;
2. The individual has a diagnosis of chronic plaque psoriasis, determined by a board certified dermatologist,
present for greater than 1 year and involving 10% or more of total body surface area;
3. ONE of the following:
a. The individual has failed (see definition of Failure in Policy Guidelines section) previous treatment
with at least ONE of the listed conventional agents;
b. The individual has an FDA-labeled contraindication or hypersensitivity to ALL conventional agents;
OR
c. There is documentation that the individual is currently being treated with the requested agent (use
of samples or vouchers/coupons is not approvable);
4. If request is for Stelara 90mg, the individual weighs >100kg;
5. If request is for a non-preferred agent, then ONE of the following:
a. The individual's medication history indicates trial and failure of the required number of preferred
biologic agents (See Preferred Agent table) unless there is an FDA-labeled contraindication or
hypersensitivity to all of the required preferred agents; OR
39966 - Travel and Lodging Reimbursement
Policy.pdf)
Check Prescription Drug Prior Authorization
Request » (/im-a-provider/prior-
authorization-status?header=PA)
Check Prescription Drug Benefit Appeal »
(/im-a-provider/prior-authorization-status?
header=BA)
Medical Services Requiring Prior
Authorization »
(https://webstatic.bcbsms.com/pdf/Medical_Servi
Voucher Inquiry » (/im-a-provider/voucher-
inquiry)


===== PAGE 3 =====

b. The request is for a FDA-labeled indication that is not covered by the preferred products;
6. The individual is not currently being treated with another biologic immunomodulatory agent (i.e., TNF-
inhibitor, IL-inhibitor, anti IgE antibody, etc.) or Otezla;
7. The individual does not have any contraindication(s) to therapy with the requested agent;
8. The individual has been tested for latent TB when required by the prescribing information for the requested
agent AND if positive, the individual has begun therapy for active TB; AND
9. The prescribed dosage is within the program quantity limits based on FDA approved labeled dosage.
Length of Approval: 12 months with exceptions detailed below
Siliq- initial approval 16 weeks and requires documentation of adequate response for continued treatment
for 12 months
Renewal Criteria
The requested agents may be approved for renewal when ALL of the following criteria are met:
1. The individual has been previously approved for therapy through BCBSMS PA process;
2. The individual has shown clinical improvement (i.e. slowing of disease progression or decrease in symptom
severity and/or frequency);
3. The individual does not have any FDA-labeled contraindication(s) to therapy with the requested agent;
4. The individual is not currently being treated with another biologic immunomodulatory agent (i.e., TNF-
inhibitor, IL-inhibitor, anti IgE antibody, etc.) or Otezla; AND
5. The prescribed dosage is within the program quantity limits based on FDA-approved labeled dosage.
Length of Approval: 12 months
Services related to delivery and/or administration of a medication which has not been approved through the
BCBSMS PA review process will be considered not medically necessary.
POLICY EXCEPTIONS
State Health Plan (State and School Employees) Participants
POLICY GUIDELINES
The coverage guidelines outlined in the Medical Policy Manual should not be used in lieu of the Member's specific
benefit plan language.
Medication failure is defined as disease progression despite maximally tolerated dose (>3 consecutive months
use) as appropriate for disease state being treated. Experience of common side effects of medication will not be
considered medication failure for the purpose of this review.
Medically Necessary is defined as those services, treatments, procedures, equipment, drugs, devices, items or
supplies furnished by a covered Provider that are required to identify or treat a Member's illness, injury or Mental
Health Disorders, and which Company determines are covered under this Benefit Plan based on the criteria as
follows in A through D:
A. consistent with the symptoms or diagnosis and treatment of the Member's condition, illness, or injury;
and