

===== PAGE 3 =====
b. The request is for a FDA-labeled indication that is not covered by the preferred products;
6. The individual is not currently being treated with another biologic immunomodulatory agent (i.e., TNF-
inhibitor, IL-inhibitor, anti IgE antibody, etc.) or Otezla;
7. The individual does not have any contraindication(s) to therapy with the requested agent;
8. The individual has been tested for latent TB when required by the prescribing information for the requested
agent AND if positive, the individual has begun therapy for active TB; AND
9. The prescribed dosage is within the program quantity limits based on FDA approved labeled dosage.
 
Length of Approval: 12 months with exceptions detailed below
Siliq- initial approval 16 weeks and requires documentation of adequate response for continued treatment
for 12 months
 
Renewal Criteria
 
The requested agents may be approved for renewal when ALL of the following criteria are met:
1. The individual has been previously approved for therapy through BCBSMS PA process;
2. The individual has shown clinical improvement (i.e. slowing of disease progression or decrease in symptom
severity and/or frequency);
3. The individual does not have any FDA-labeled contraindication(s) to therapy with the requested agent;
4. The individual is not currently being treated with another biologic immunomodulatory agent (i.e., TNF-
inhibitor, IL-inhibitor, anti IgE antibody, etc.) or Otezla; AND
5. The prescribed dosage is within the program quantity limits based on FDA-approved labeled dosage.
Length of Approval: 12 months
   
Services related to delivery and/or administration of a medication which has not been approved through the
BCBSMS PA review process will be considered not medically necessary.
  
POLICY EXCEPTIONS
State Health Plan (State and School Employees) Participants
  
POLICY GUIDELINES
The coverage guidelines outlined in the Medical Policy Manual should not be used in lieu of the Member's specific
benefit plan language.
Medication failure is defined as disease progression despite maximally tolerated dose (>3 consecutive months
use) as appropriate for disease state being treated. Experience of common side effects of medication will not be
considered medication failure for the purpose of this review.
Medically Necessary is defined as those services, treatments, procedures, equipment, drugs, devices, items or
supplies furnished by a covered Provider that are required to identify or treat a Member's illness, injury or Mental
Health Disorders, and which Company determines are covered under this Benefit Plan based on the criteria as
follows in A through D:
A. consistent with the symptoms or diagnosis and treatment of the Member's condition, illness, or injury;
and
